Draft: Add hackathon schedule (#3212)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/index.mdx

<EventLocationsTable eventPath="2025/hackathon-march-2025" showCount={true} />

> # Schedule
> 
> - Daily wrap-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Schedule

We’ve kept the main schedule intentionally light to accommodate different time zones and allow for flexibility. While we have a few key syncs and social events planned, individual sites may be following their own schedules as well. We’d love to see as many of you as possible at the daily wrap-ups and quiz—they’re a great chance to connect with the community, share progress, and have some fun. Happy hacking! 

- Daily wrap-up
```

> - Daily wrap-up
>     - APAC: 5pm NZDT / 3pm AEDT
>     - EMEA: 5pm CET / 4pm GMT
>     - AMER: 5pm ET / 2pm PDT
> - Quiz social
>     - Tuesday 25th March, 4pm CET / 11am ET / 8am PDT
>     - Tuesday 25th March, 5pm PDT / 1pm NZDT / 11am AEDT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Daily wrap-up
    - APAC: 5 pm NZDT / 3 pm AEDT
    - EMEA: 5 pm CET / 4 pm GMT
    - AMER: 5 pm ET / 2 pm PDT
- Quiz social
    - Tuesday, March 25, 4 pm CET / 11 am ET / 8 am PDT
    - Tuesday, March 25, 5 pm PDT / 1 pm NZDT / 11 am AEDT
```

:::tip{title="Your local time"}

> The above slots in your browser's local time should be shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above times should be shown in your local time below:
```

<EventLocationsTable eventPath="2025/hackathon-march-2025" showCount={true} />

# Schedule

> We’ve kept the main schedule intentionally light to accommodate different time zones and allow for flexibility. While we have a few key syncs and social events planned, individual sites may be following their own schedules as well. We’d love to see as many of you as possible at the daily wrap-ups and quiz—they’re a great chance to connect with the community, share progress, and have some fun. Happy hacking! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve kept the main schedule intentionally light to accommodate different time zones and allow for flexibility. While we have a few key syncs and social events planned, individual sites may be following their own schedules as well. We’d love to see as many of you as possible at the daily wrap-ups and quiz—they’re a great chance to connect with the community, share progress, and have some fun. Happy hacking!
```

- Daily wrap-up
    - APAC: 5 pm NZDT / 3 pm AEDT
    - EMEA: 5 pm CET / 4 pm GMT
    - AMER: 5 pm ET / 2 pm PDT
- Quiz social
    - Tuesday, March 25, 4 pm CET / 11 am ET / 8 am PDT
    - Tuesday, March 25, 5 pm PDT / 1 pm NZDT / 11 am AEDT

:::tip{title="Your local time"}

> The above times should be shown in your local time below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the above times in your local time below:
```

- Daily wrap-up
    - APAC: <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742788800000)} date_options={{ hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit" }} client:visible />
    - EMEA: <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742832000000)} date_options={{ hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit" }} client:visible />
    - AMER: <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742850000000)} date_options={{ hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit" }} client:visible />
- Quiz social

>     - <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742914800000)} client:visible />
>     - <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742947200000)} client:visible />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742914800000)} date_options={{ weekday: "long", month: "long", day: "2-digit", hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit", hour12: true }} client:visible />
    - <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742947200000)} date_options={{ weekday: "long", month: "long", day: "2-digit", hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit", hour12: true }} client:visible />
```

> - Quiz social
>     - <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742914800000)} date_options={{ weekday: "long", month: "long", day: "2-digit", hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit", hour12: true }} client:visible />
>     - <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742947200000)} date_options={{ weekday: "long", month: "long", day: "2-digit", hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit", hour12: true }} client:visible />
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - <LocalDateTime
          date={new Date(1742914800000)}
          date_options={{
              weekday: "long",
              month: "long",
              day: "2-digit",
              hour: "2-digit",
              minute: "2-digit",
              hour12: true,
          }}
          client:visible
      />
    - <LocalDateTime
          date={new Date(1742947200000)}
          date_options={{
              weekday: "long",
              month: "long",
              day: "2-digit",
              hour: "2-digit",
              minute: "2-digit",
              hour12: true,
          }}
          client:visible
      />

```

# Schedule

We’ve kept the main schedule intentionally light to accommodate different time zones and allow for flexibility. While we have a few key syncs and social events planned, individual sites may be following their own schedules as well. We’d love to see as many of you as possible at the daily wrap-ups and quiz—they’re a great chance to connect with the community, share progress, and have some fun. Happy hacking!

- Daily wrap-up
    - APAC: 5 pm NZDT / 3 pm AEDT
    - EMEA: 5 pm CET / 4 pm GMT
    - AMER: 5 pm ET / 2 pm PDT
- Quiz social
    - Tuesday, March 25, 4 pm CET / 11 am ET / 8 am PDT
    - Tuesday, March 25, 5 pm PDT / 1 pm NZDT / 11 am AEDT

:::tip{title="Your local time"}

View the above times in your local time below:

- Daily wrap-up
    - APAC: <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742788800000)} date_options={{ hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit" }} client:visible />
    - EMEA: <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742832000000)} date_options={{ hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit" }} client:visible />
    - AMER: <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742850000000)} date_options={{ hour: "2-digit", minute: "2-digit" }} client:visible />

>     - <LocalDateTime
>           date={new Date(1742914800000)}
>           date_options={{
>               weekday: "long",
>               month: "long",
>               day: "2-digit",
>               hour: "2-digit",
>               minute: "2-digit",
>               hour12: true,
>           }}
>           client:visible
>       />
>     - <LocalDateTime
>           date={new Date(1742947200000)}
>           date_options={{
>               weekday: "long",
>               month: "long",
>               day: "2-digit",
>               hour: "2-digit",
>               minute: "2-digit",
>               hour12: true,
>           }}
>           client:visible
>       />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quiz social
    - <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742914800000)} client:visible />
    - <LocalDateTime date={new Date(1742947200000)} client:visible />
```
